I mentioned that you should be following the responses to other blogs and publications in your industry,
and it goes without saying that you should also be monitoring your own comments and social media mentions
religiously looking for repeat questions and other trends that you could potentially use for future
content.
You can also just ask your audience what they want from you by prompting them to leave a comment or
having them fill out a survey or even interviewing readers one on one.
Nobody knows your audience better than your audience.
So ask them about their problems, their struggles, their questions, even their reading habits.
If you want to get a closer look into their mind and understand what types of content they like to consume.
You can also learn a lot from your past content, take your most successful content and build on it
with supplemental material and use the content that didn't do so well as a learning experience.
And of course, you always want to monitor the analytics for your content, not just the traffic, but
also the demographics of your audience and the key words people are using to find your site.
I've often found myself ranking for a keyword that I hadn't even considered, and that gives me a better
perspective of what my audience is looking for specifically, which leads to better future content.
So be careful not to overlook your existing audience and your existing content when it comes to generating
new ideas.